README.md, before:

# Essential Readings
Essential readings on a variety of topics. All PDFs included here link to their originally-hosted location where possible, both to give credit to the authors where appropriate and because I don't want to deal with the potential ramifications of licensing and/or copyright infringement.

## Computer Science
 - [Morris-Thompson Password Security](https://rist.tech.cornell.edu/6431papers/MorrisThompson1979.pdf)
 - [Mathematical Theory of Communication, Claude Shannon](http://people.math.harvard.edu/~ctm/home/text/others/shannon/entropy/entropy.pd)
 - [On the Criteria To Be Used in Decomposing Systems into Modules](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/200085877_On_the_Criteria_To_Be_Used_in_Decomposing_Systems_into_Modules)
 - [FAIR (Facebook AI Research): Distributed Computing and Batch Training](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/317418674_Accurate_Large_Minibatch_SGD_Training_ImageNet_in_1_Hour)
 - [Absurd and Creative Results of AI Training](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/323694489_The_Surprising_Creativity_of_Digital_Evolution_A_Collection_of_Anecdotes_from_the_Evolutionary_Computation_and_Artificial_Life_Research_Communities)
 - [Game Theory and Turing-Completeness: Magic The Gathering](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/332590574_Magic_The_Gathering_is_Turing_Complete)
 - [Programming Languages and Code Quality on Github](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/269634115_A_large_scale_study_of_programming_languages_and_code_quality_in_github) - full text [here](https://bmcbioinformatics.biomedcentral.com/articles/10.1186/s12859-019-2903-5).
 - [Distributed Computing - Google's MapReduce](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/220851866_MapReduce_Simplified_Data_Processing_on_Large_Clusters) - full text [here](http://static.googleusercontent.com/media/research.google.com/es/us/archive/mapreduce-osdi04.pdf).

## Math
 - [Modern Convex Geometry](http://library.msri.org/books/Book31/files/ball.pdf)

## Process Management
 - [Conway's Law](http://www.melconway.com/Home/pdf/committees.pdf)

Commit message:

Added Counter-Cryptanalysis paper
Explains the SHA1 collision detection algorithm used in git.

README.md, after:

# Essential Readings
Essential readings on a variety of topics. All PDFs included here link to their originally-hosted location where possible, both to give credit to the authors where appropriate and because I don't want to deal with the potential ramifications of licensing and/or copyright infringement.

## Computer Science
 - [Mathematical Theory of Communication, Claude Shannon](http://people.math.harvard.edu/~ctm/home/text/others/shannon/entropy/entropy.pd)
 - [On the Criteria To Be Used in Decomposing Systems into Modules](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/200085877_On_the_Criteria_To_Be_Used_in_Decomposing_Systems_into_Modules)
 - [FAIR (Facebook AI Research): Distributed Computing and Batch Training](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/317418674_Accurate_Large_Minibatch_SGD_Training_ImageNet_in_1_Hour)
 - [Absurd and Creative Results of AI Training](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/323694489_The_Surprising_Creativity_of_Digital_Evolution_A_Collection_of_Anecdotes_from_the_Evolutionary_Computation_and_Artificial_Life_Research_Communities)
 - [Game Theory and Turing-Completeness: Magic The Gathering](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/332590574_Magic_The_Gathering_is_Turing_Complete)
 - [Programming Languages and Code Quality on Github](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/269634115_A_large_scale_study_of_programming_languages_and_code_quality_in_github) - full text [here](https://bmcbioinformatics.biomedcentral.com/articles/10.1186/s12859-019-2903-5).
 - [Distributed Computing - Google's MapReduce](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/220851866_MapReduce_Simplified_Data_Processing_on_Large_Clusters) - full text [here](http://static.googleusercontent.com/media/research.google.com/es/us/archive/mapreduce-osdi04.pdf).

## Cryptography
 - [Morris-Thompson Password Security](https://rist.tech.cornell.edu/6431papers/MorrisThompson1979.pdf)
 - [Counter-Cryptanalysis](https://marc-stevens.nl/research/papers/C13-S.pdf) - Marc Steven's award-winning paper on the SHA1 collision detection algorithm used in [git](https://github.com/git/sha1collisiondetection).

## Math
 - [Modern Convex Geometry](http://library.msri.org/books/Book31/files/ball.pdf)

## Process Management
 - [Conway's Law](http://www.melconway.com/Home/pdf/committees.pdf)
